Dear {{ candidate.name }},

As a candidate standing for Parliament, your inbox is probably full of
emails from public want to know what you think on many different issues.

We've created a non-partisan, free-to-use system that enables organisations
to put questions to candidates, and then lets voters find your answers,
without overwhelming your inbox.

Follow this link to jump straight to the questions organisations have
asked you already. The link is unique to you so please don't pass it on.
Anyone with this link will be able to answer questions as yourself!

http://questions.campaignreply.org/candidates/authenticate/{{ candidate.auth_token }}

If you'd like to share the project, please use this link instead:

http://questions.campaignreply.org/

The idea is that organisations will submit questions through our site,
and we will batch them up for you to answer, sending you a reminder to
visit the site weekly if you choose to participate.

Answering questions in batch-mode means you can be more efficient by
scheduling a chunk of time to process questions rather than being
interrupted constantly.

Collating your answers together on a single site lets voters see what
you've said on a range of issues at once - rather than individual
organisations promoting your platform piecemeal.

Organisations benefit too, as we will make the answers to their
questions available to embed on their own sites, meaning they can draw
them to their supporters' attention easily.

The system is a prototype, so we would love to hear your feedback and
suggestions for improvements, which you can give by replying to this
email. We will be continuing the work after the General Election and
we'll be releasing the code so that it can be used in future elections -
both in the UK and around the world.

Click on the unique link below to check out the site and the questions
organisations would like you to answer.

http://questions.campaignreply.org/candidates/authenticate/{{ candidate.auth_token }}

We anticipate many candidates will use this tool so make sure your views
are represented.

Good luck in the election!

Best regards


Mike Harris
Director, 89up
http://89up.org

P.S. This initiative is non-partisan. The system is free of charge for
everyone, its data will be open and free to reuse, and the software is
an open-source project by Democracy Club.
